[EDU-5876] Refactor: update Edge Firewall integrations guides (#1412)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/integrations/bot-manager-lite.mdx

1. On the upper-left corner, select **Products menu** > **Edge Firewall** in the **Secure** section.
2. Click the **+ Edge Firewall** button.
3. Give an easy-to-remember name to your new edge firewall.
4. Enable the **Edge Functions** switch in the **Modules** section.

> 5. Click the **Save** button.

Reviewer: The Domains explanation is missing here.

> 7. Select the function according to the name you gave it in step 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Select the adequate function according to the name you gave it during the instantiation step.
```
